Add harvester-ui-extension limitation for harvester v1.2.x (#754)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/harvester-ui-extension.md

    ![](/img/v1.4/upgrade/update-harvester-ui-extension-modal.png)

1. Allow some time for the extension to be upgraded, and then refresh the screen.

## Limitation

> ### Harvester versions lower than v1.3.0 are not supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Harvester v1.2.x and earlier are not supported
```

> As Harvester [v1.2.x](https://www.suse.com/suse-harvester/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/harvester-v1-2-x/) has reached its end-of-life (EOL), the harvester-ui-extension is designed to support Harvester v1.3.0 and later versions.

Reviewer: Please remove this paragraph. David told me before that we should not link to the Support Matrix. Also, it doesn't make sense to mention v1.2.x here since its EOL was more than six months ago and v1.3.x will EOL in two months.

Author: Agree and removed.

> If you import a Harvester cluster with a version lower than v1.3.0, an error message will appear and the cluster link will be disabled.
> 
> The Manage button is still available in Rancher 2.11.0, but it will be removed in a future Rancher release. See issue [#8054](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8054) for more details.
> 
>   ![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-import-121harvester.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you import a cluster that is running Harvester v1.2.x or earlier, an error message appears and the cluster link is disabled.

The **Manage** button is still available in Rancher 2.11.0, but it will be removed in a future Rancher release. For more information, see issue [#8054](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8054).

![](/img/v1.5/rancher/ui-extension-import-121harvester.png)
```
